Thank you. New York.
- [indistinct cheering]
- It's humbling to be sitting here.
speaking to you as Mayor this evening.
- [Vanessa] I need a favor.
- You want me to kill someone?
[Vanessa] Foggy Nelson.
[gun cocks]
Looking for--
[gasps] Foggy!
[Matt] I went to Rikers.
Ben Poindexter wanted to meet me.
[groans]
[Heather] What were
you thinking. Matt? Him?
[Matt] Yeah.
[Heather] You know what? I don't care.
It's fine. It's none of my business.
- [gun fires]
- [people screaming]
Karen?
Matt. you have been checking out on me.
disappearing physically and emotionally.
[Matt] Back at his place.
I heard your heartbeats.
[Karen] You hear mine when I saw you?
Adrenaline. I'm sure.
[Karen] Foggy believed in you.
Whatever's behind the mask.
behind your eyes.
he knew all of it. he knew you. I do. too.
[Matt] I'm glad you're back.
[kisses]
Cherry is your hatchet man?
- [Matt] He's my investigator.
- Morning. Officer.
I sit atop a pyramid of over 500 ADAs.
You're not gonna be able to
stumble into traffic court
without one up your ass.
BB. Is that short for something?
I was named for my uncle.
Ben Urich.
[Chief Gallo] Do you know that Wilson Fisk
was the main suspect
in your uncle's murder?
[BB] Why do you think I'm here?
Not everything I write is under my name.
So if you ever want to
put anything real out there.
there's an email on this card.
[Buck] Dr. Glenn. allow me to introduce
Mayor and Mrs. Fisk.
I would like for you to be
my administration's
Commissioner of Mental Health.
[grunting. groaning]
[Heather] It would be my honor.
You are aware of
the rumors that surround you?
Shall I call you Swordsman?
Is that a threat?
[Fisk] Of course not.
It's merely a warning.
[grunting in pain]
[Fisk] This city is in a crisis.
Consider yourself founding members
of my Anti-Vigilante Task Force.
[grunting]
There will be no body cams.
no due process. no warrants!
And in the immediate future.
curfew is at 8:00 p.m.
New York City is under martial law.
I'm gonna take this city back. Karen.
[Karen] Where do we start?
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
[BB] So. did Mayor Fisk fix it?
Yeah.
You know. I read the papers.
see the numbers that. like.
violent crime is down. way down.
Property crime. too.
But screw the papers.
You can feel it.
New York is back and better than ever.
[waves crashing]
[ship horn blaring]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[breathing heavily]
[indistinct. overlapping voices]
[metallic thump]
[gasps. grunts]
[both grunting]
[rattling]
[grunts. groans]
[guard 1 speaks Cypriot Greek]
[guard 2 in English] Go. go. go. go. go.
[Daredevil yelling]
[guard 3] Find him!
[all grunting]
[monitor beeping]
[Achilleo exhales heavily]
[machinery whirring]
[engine powering down]
[breathing heavily]
[beeping]
[alarms blaring]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[Achilleo] They're going to come for us.
[alarm rings]
[alarm blaring]
[breathing heavily]
[breathing steadily]
[overlapping sounds]
[watch ticking]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[yells]
[panting heavily]
[♪ theme music playing]
[police siren wailing in distance]
[glass crunching]
[soft grunting]
[woman's breaths echoing]
[soft grunting continues]
[woman breathing heavily]
[Karen] Northern Star
is all over the news.
You definitely sent Fisk a message.
Your source was right. This is big.
It's a crack in Fisk's armor.
The boat was full of weapons.
Rocket launchers. assault rifles.
- Military grade. European. I think.
- Holy shit.
He's using the Freeport to smuggle arms.
- I think we hit him hard.
- Good.
Fisk's gonna lose his mind.
Yeah. I just can't help but wonder
what is.
who is all that firepower for?
You know who could find out.
Yeah. yeah. give her a call.
We get the message out there
that the mayor is running guns.
The weapons. all of it. still on board.
just outside the port.
So. what's next?
Proving it.
Okay. well.
I'm pretty sure I could help with that.
Oh. yeah?
I'm kinda counting on it. Miss Page.
I need to call in a favor
with Metro General?
No.
Stitches?
Then I guess
tonight was a pretty good night.
It could get better.
[Karen giggles]
Harbor Control confirms that the wreck
is blocking the entrance to the port.
Nothing is landing
until the Northern Star is cleared.
Perishables are being diverted
to New Jersey.
This is a terrorist attack.
Orchestrated and executed
by the vigilante of Hell's Kitchen.
Uh. yeah.
I think I can get that out there.
Powell. I want you to organize
the salvage operation.
Copy that.
I'll have a crew for you by morning.
The hunt for Daredevil and Karen Page.
intensify it.
Yes. sir.
[Fisk] Buck...
Who knew what was in that ship
besides you and I?
Only the captain and the first mate. sir.
Find them.
[tapping on glass]
[cell phone vibrating]
[man gulps. exhales]
[exhales] Yeah. it's me.
Yeah. I'm watching.
Yeah. I would say
"clusterfuck" is a pretty apt description.
No. no. it's fine.
I'll go up there myself.
I need the miles.
[cell phone beeps]
[BB] So. what do you think?
- Mayor Fisk is gonna clean that up.
- I worry about the pollution.
Babe. this is the East River. okay?
It's nasty.
There's diapers floating there.
The masked bastards worry me.
I don't care what he needs to do.
Lockdowns. task force.
throw the book at 'em. whatever.
If these animals
can do something like that...
[scoffs] ...what's next?
[Karen] Fisk is losing his mind.
It'll probably take me a bit longer
to meet up with my sources.
Let's make it four o'clock?
If you're not back by 5:00.
I'll meet you at the fallback spot.
[Karen sighs]
You okay?
I mean. just fucking every time. Matt.
No matter how we come at him.
no matter what we do.
- Fisk just gets back up.
- [chuckles]
Even worse than before.
Yeah. that's why
we have to keep trying. huh?
Yeah.
We expose that he's running guns.
he's using the Freeport
to line his and his cronies' pockets.
Show the city.
show Albany who he is and...
he will be held accountable.
I have to believe that. Kare.
[cell phone vibrating]
- [cell phone beeping]
- Jess just pulled the ship's manifest.
Well. she get who he's smuggling guns for?
Uh... No.
but for now we have the captain
and the first mate.
Both Cypriot nationals
and both have family in Astoria.
I'll check it out.
- Okay.
- Hey. be careful.
[door creaks]
[Fisk breathing heavily]
[Sheila] They're here. sir.
It's good to see you again. Mr. Gomez.
You haven't met the Attorney General yet.
have you. Mayor Fisk?
No. I have not.
Certainly not for the lack of trying.
I might add.
I have my hands full here in New York.
Which is why we are here. actually.
[AG Steverud] You've given yourself
extraordinary emergency powers.
Your Safer Streets initiative
equates vigilantes with terrorists?
[Gomez] Imposing mandatory life sentences
on anyone convicted of
extra-judicial actions.
Your point being?
My point is that
these are provocative moves. Mr. Mayor.
Moves that weren't discussed
with the Governor.
weren't discussed with myself.
Yeah. and now you got a ship
capsized in the East River.
Please tell the Governor that the culprit
will be brought to justice
loudly. visibly.
I vowed to clean up the streets
and I've done that.
[AG Steverud] Listen. Wilson.
all I'm trying to say is that
there will be a lot of scrutiny
with the Vigilante Trials.
My office needs to be involved.
I know you're not gonna like it.
but that means oversight.
- [door opens]
- Uh. okay. Hi. Sorry I'm late.
Do you know they have a Gyro King
in Manhattan?
The line around the cart was. like.
it was insane.
but look at this thing.
It's a pound of food.
- [Sheila] Excuse me.
- Yes?
Uh. I don't know why security let you in.
or if you're even supposed to be here.
I am definitely supposed to
be here. Sheila.
And Mr...
Charles. Mr. Charles.
Um... Well. where are you from?
Um...
So good. Langley.
I don't what you or the agency
thinks that you're doing here. but--
Well. I don't know
what a Lieutenant Governor actually is.
so I guess we're even. aren't we. Juan?
[soft laughter]
[AG Steverud] Well. whoever you are...
- we will not be intimidated.
- [cell phone vibrating]
You're definitely gonna wanna
answer that phone call.
- [cell phone beeps]
- Steverud.
Oh?
Yeah. I totally understand.
Yes. Miss de Fontaine.
[exhales softly]
As I was saying. Mr. Fisk.
my office will totally support you
and your policies regarding vigilantism.
Safer Streets. hell. all of it.
[Fisk] Oversight?
[AG Steverud] Won't be a problem.
I appreciate that very much.
[ship horn blares in distance]
[seagulls squawking]
[Jack] Your mayor has
an interesting take on jurisprudence.
I ask for a lawyer
and I get a psychiatrist.
[Heather chuckles softly]
This evaluation is for your legal team
at Murdock and McDuffie...
as well as the District Attorney.
I'm just an impartial observer here.
Oh. please. Dr. Glenn. Impartial?
That's cheeky.
And where exactly is...
"here"?
Well. in the case of
adults dressing up in costume
and fighting with the police.
it seems a psychological evaluation
is in order.
An absurd accusation
which I categorically deny.
[sniffles softly]
Mr. Duquesne. are you saying
that you're not the vigilante
known as The Swordsman?
I'm saying
District Attorney Hochberg
will have to prove that in court.
[Heather] I'm gonna ask you
some true or false questions.
There's no wrong answer.
Please answer truthfully.
True or false?
"I like mechanics magazines."
This is a waste of both our time.
If a psychological evaluation is needed.
I prefer it be done by a professional
agreed upon by both the prosecution
and the defense.
I know the law. Dr. Glenn.
Do you?
Then you know you're being held here
under the Safer Streets Act.
You're not at Rikers.
The NYPD has no jurisdiction
over this place.
or any knowledge of your whereabouts.
Those two men outside
can do whatever they please to you.
should I ask them to.
And your trial.
the only thing that might ever enable you
to see the light of day
can be postponed...
until you heal.
Or canceled if you don't.
True or false?
"I like mechanics magazines."
[Jack sighs]
False.
If you're calling about a relative
detained by Task Force.
I'll have to put you on hold.
How long since
you've last heard from them?
[continues indistinctly]
I need you to look into those for me
if you can.
[Cherry sighs]
One investigator
can't be expected to handle--
Fisk targets people who can't pay
and we can't afford another investigator.
And you can't afford to pay me.
I know.
- This is real David and Goliath shit.
- I ain't got a sling.
Look. half of these pickups
are Task Force pickups.
These people
just tend to disappear. Kirsten.
Then we need to find them.
[Cherry sighs]
Anything?
Nah. no. nothing. nada.
Matt's gonna be fine. okay?
He's gonna be fine.
Oh... He's just...
He's just gonna be fine?
My partner. my friend goes missing--
Oh. shit.
Hochberg.
- Detective Cherry.
- [Cherry] I'm retired.
I'll honor the badge
in whatever form it comes.
Could I speak with
Miss McDuffie privately?
[beeps]
Yeah. I was just on my way out.
You good?
Yeah. Never better.
- Not exactly a white-shoe firm these days.
- [chuckles]
More of a. I don't know. legal aid hostel.
Yeah. Yeah.
At least I get to keep my soul
at the end of the day.
Kirsten. we both know
I don't need to be here.
I came because I respect you.
You were one of my best.
and I want to save you
from an avalanche
of career-ending embarrassment.
Plead out.
Avoid the humiliation
of losing the Duquesne case.
Oh. Ben.
I have four brothers.
I don't get embarrassed.
But thank you.
Thank you very much for.
you know. caring about my career.
My defenses are rock solid
and I have the evidence to prove it.
Oh. You... You think the evidence matters?
Wow.
What happened to you?
I read the tea leaves.
Kirsten. come back to the DA's Office.
I'll match whatever lie
you tell me you're making here.
Well. you know.
it's a very generous offer.
and I must respectfully say...
fuck you!
Well. that's disappointing. Kirsten.
And I really prefer...
Counselor McDuffie.
I'll see you in court. Counselor McDuffie.
[Kirsten] Sure as shit you will.
[sniffles softly]
[Cherry] I'm surprised to see you out here
so publicly.
[Matt] Yeah. it's important.
The ship. the Northern Star.
Yeah. I had a feeling you're behind this.
It's loaded with military weapons.
Heavy-duty ordnance.
- [sighs] Christ. Who is he in bed with?
- I'm working on that.
He's obviously making money
for more than just his rich friends.
This is our best chance to expose him.
Fisk will move the weapons
before we can link him to the ship.
You sank his ship for Christ's sake.
I mean. here's a guy that would kill
if someone's rude to his wife. and this...
Fisk will destroy the whole city.
You know I'm retired. right?
Men died on that boat. Cherry.
You and Kirsten are getting pretty good
at laying the guilt. you know that?
[chuckles] It's 'cause it works.
How is she?
[sighs] She's worried about you.
Would it kill you to reach out to her?
I can't put her at risk.
- And me?
- You're old.
- Fuck you!
- Hey...
I've been a target
since that night at Josie's.
You know who I am
and you've never let me down.
That's why I come to you.
That's why I'm gonna keep coming to you.
All right. all right. all right. so...
Northern Star. what do you need from me?
Captain and the First Mate
flooded the boat and took off.
They're co-conspirators
in the gun-running.
Achilleo Kyriaco and Christofi Savva.
You need me to spell those names?
Yeah. I need you to spell those names.
[alarm blaring]
[agent 1] Let's get them. Let's go.
[agent 2] Go.
[agent 3] Move away from the fucking door.
What are you looking at? Move away.
Go. go!
- Move. move.
- [agent 4] Clear the fuck out.
- Let's go!
- [people chattering]
I'm looking for either of these two men.
This is supposed to be one of their spots.
I'm sorry. My English...
Don't fucking do that. Yes or no?
Right.
- [grunts]
- [Ariana groans]
There. there. there.
[grunting]
[gasps. panting]
[gasps. grunts]
[grunts]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- [Powell exhales heavily]
[spits]
New York is back and better than ever.
- [chuckles]
- [♪ upbeat music playing]
[cameraman] Oh. shit.
[Mayor Kingpin] BB Urich.
My useful little pawn.
Look at how she sells my lies so well.
Her uncle. Ben Urich.
would be so disappointed in her.
but that's what got him killed.
[laughing]
Anyway. it's your favorite mayor.
Wilson Fisk.
Speaking of what a great mayor I am.
I made so much money off that secret port
for my rich and criminal friends.
making sure the rich get richer
and you stay poorer!
Uh-oh. Looks like I spoke too soon.
Someone caught me.
Spoiled again by that dastardly do-gooder.
I hope he didn't find my illegal goods.
Don't worry. I'll get him in the end.
Just don't you dare try to dig into
what I'm really doing.
That's all for now. and remember.
I love you. New York.
[indistinct chatter]
BB!
Whoa. whoa. chill. chill.
- Hi.
- I'm chill.
- Yeah.
- Thank you so much for coming.
[chuckles] Dude. what the fuck?
Yeah. right? It's pretty dope.
No. dope is any place in Manhattan
without eight roommates.
This is two steps beyond that.
Well. I will remind you
I am Deputy Mayor now. Miss Urich.
Oh. yes. you remind me all the time.
And even on that salary.
you can't afford this.
No. it's perfect. Fisk owns the building.
so he cut me a deal.
Daniel. Fisk shouldn't be involved in
any of his old businesses.
No. no. no. he's all legit.
He put everything he owns into a trust.
which. you know--
Buck Cashman administers.
Look. Daniel.
you have to be careful. okay?
Fisk is playing a ten-dimensional game
and if that comes crashing down.
he's not gonna be the one that gets hurt.
No. I know. I know. I appreciate that.
I appreciate you.
By the way. you killed it with
New York's Back and Better Than Ever.
Everyone was stoked.
- [chuckles] Yeah. thanks.
- Yeah.
[in English] We're closed.
[Matt] Fisk's Task Force do this?
Please.
It's none of your concern.
Yeah. it is. I'm a lawyer.
I feel you run a little side hustle.
getting people out of New York.
That's why he came to you. isn't it?
Achilleo?
I think. uh...
we might be on the same team here.
- Murdock?
- Mmm-hmm.
[speaks Cypriot Greek]
[in English] Aren't you supposed to be
missing. Mr. Murdock. or dead?
Yeah. There's a lot of that
going around these days.
Don't remind me.
Look. Achilleo and Christofi
are in a lot of trouble.
and I'd like to help
protect them if I can.
Achilleo was supposed
to go to Toronto tonight.
And a plane to Nicosia. but...
You just point me in the right direction.
I'll find him.
Task Force took him...
which means nobody finds him.
What about Christofi?
If they got him too.
no one can help him.
Not even the lawyer from Hell's Kitchen.
Yeah. maybe not.
But we have to try. don't we?
[chuckles softly]
Yes.
We are doomed to try.
[screaming in pain]
I told you. I did what I was told.
The devil came.
I sank the ship. It was supposed to sink.
By "devil" you mean Daredevil?
Yes. yes. yes. Daredevil devil...
[breathing heavily]
Hey. hey.
Where's Christofi?
I don't know.
[groans]
Why'd you run?
[groaning]
[Buck] Honestly. mate.
d'you ever think maybe you enjoy
your work a bit too much?
[Powell] He confirmed it was Daredevil
on the boat.
[Buck] Yeah. Top tip.
Smashing someone's face in
can make them reluctant to comply.
Next time. maybe pop the kettle on. Yeah?
Get them talking over a nice cup of tea.
Just a thought.
[laughs]
Now. do you mind?
Sorry about him.
He's new.
I did what I was told.
I... I just want to go home.
Yeah. 'course you do.
You know what?
I think that can be arranged.
[breathing deeply]
- [gun fires]
- [groans]
[sighs]
[sighs heavily]
Yeah. thank you. Buck.
[cell phone clicks]
[cell phone clatters on table]
So...
do we speak freely in front of the missus.
or. I mean. everyone has their own...
[chuckles] ...protocols.
Do you try to be abrasive?
Is it part of your tradecraft?
I am what I am. Mrs. Fisk.
I doubt that very much.
- [Charles] Mmm.
- Vanessa. she...
She's privy to all my business dealings.
and I hers.
Well. I didn't mean to offend. so--
But you have.
And I don't appreciate you
grandstanding in my office.
Well. that's funny. I would have called
that divine fucking intervention.
[chuckles softly]
Look. Mr. Mayor. um...
the people I work for are very grateful
for the use of your very special port.
But this is now going kind of like
eight different ways of fucked up. right?
I'm handling it.
My Task Force
is organizing a Salvage Team.
No.
Uh...
Most of my job is... is logistics.
But people don't know that. but it's true.
Like. the corpses. that's easy.
Just make sure they sink
to the river bottom and they stay there.
But moving 30 tons of military ordnance
across a major metropolitan area
without a single fucking person
knowing about it.
that's not easy. man.
It's... I mean... [chuckles]
But it is absolutely necessary.
My men. they're effective.
They're very loyal.
Great.
So you have no problem killing them
after they've unloaded the boat.
Right?
Good men are hard to come by.
I could put together a little night crew.
decent workers. nothing special.
You know. sailors from all over the world.
Easy enough to make them disappear
in an industrial accident.
after they unload the goods
into your Red Hook warehouse.
Obviously. it's up to you.
And nothing gets traced back to us.
Or you...
Mr. Charles.
Whatever your name is.
Lovely lady is correct.
No. nothing.
That circle is complete.
Well. it seems our interests are aligned.
They are.
It's my inside guy.
Well. "source."
Only he doesn't know it.
Do you like him?
I mean. he grows on you.
but. no. not like that.
[chuckles softly]
Good. Could get complicated.
Does he have any idea what you're up to?
No.
Maybe. I don't know.
[Karen] Mmm.
You know. your uncle
used to say something.
Took me a little too long
to figure out what he meant. But...
He said the easiest people to manipulate
are manipulators.
Never forget. BB. we are manipulators.
Is this some. like. sisterhood.
"here endeth the lesson" type shit?
[laughs] No. No. it's. um...
more like an
"I don't want you to die" type of shit.
Yeah.
I do not want you to follow
in the footsteps of your uncle.
You guys were close. right?
[chuckles] Yeah. he's. um...
He's a big part
of why I'm here with you right now.
'Cause Fisk killed him.
Yes.
And I. um...
I have a lot of guilt about that.
I'm pretty sure Ben died to save me.
- Shit.
- Yeah.
You know. there's a lot
of dead bodies behind us. BB.
I think maybe the best way
to honor them...
would be not to join them.
Take care of yourself.
[Heather on recording] "At times
I feel like smashing things."
[Jack chuckles] False.
[Heather] "No one seems to understand me."
[Jack] False.
[Heather] "I'm often the smartest person
in the room."
- [cell phone beeps]
- [Jack] True.
- Hello?
- [Hochberg] Dr. Glenn.
It's Ben Hochberg.
I'm just prepping my opener.
and I'm looking over
your psych eval on Jacques Duquesne.
[Heather chuckles]
I'm just looking over his MMPI.
Um. well. call it serendipity. then.
That's. uh. kind of what I wanted
to talk to you about.
Your contemporaneous notes are fantastic.
His. uh. his hostility.
his hatred of authority. all... All great.
Um...
It does get a little wonky in the data.
How do you mean?
Well. Dr. Glenn. you have a PhD.
my jurors have the Internet.
If I can convince them
that Duquesne is a sociopath.
that might have a much easier time
sending him back into a deep. dark hole.
[thumping loudly]
And. uh. since you're checking
over the answers anyway...
Dr. Glenn. are you there?
Dr. Glenn?
I'm sorry. Um...
Yeah. it's... Of course it's possible
I entered the data wrong.
That is great.
Mayor Fisk said you would be helpful.
He's a very big fan of yours. you know.
As am I.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Whenever you're done.
if you could send me over
a corrected copy of the data.
that'd be great.
Absolutely.
You'll have it by the end of the day.
One of these days. we should have a drink.
don't you think?
[Heather on recording]
"Evil spirits possess me at times."
I beg your pardon?
[Heather] Just answer the question.
"Evil spirits possess me at times."
[Jack] False.
[sniffles]
- [Matt grunting]
- [♪ indie rock music playing faintly]
I will never figure out how you do that.
You know. years of brutal training
from a borderline psychotic sensei.
- That all?
- There is nothing to it. Here.
[Matt breathing heavily]
[Karen clears throat]
This restaurateur in Astoria.
She was trying to get
Achilleo to Cyprus. Nice.
She's there if we need her.
Good. And we need more people
making trouble for Fisk.
especially with the vigilante trials
coming up.
Hey! [breathing heavily]
- It's too fast.
- Sorry.
Sorry.
Hey. you okay?
[breathing heavily]
Yeah. Yeah. Just the trials are just...
You miss it?
- Do I miss it?
- You know...
Being Matt Murdock?
Nelson. Murdock. and Page...
Wow. I don't know. Just...
Just trying to focus on moving forward.
[exhales heavily] Yeah. I...
Yeah. I guess. sometimes I do. Yeah.
You?
Every damn day.
♪ It's crazy I know
I've got nowhere to go ♪
♪ But up here. I wear my seatbelt ♪
[Karen exhales heavily]
[Ariana] Everything is good?
So happy to have you back.
- [chuckles]
- Thank you.
[door creaks open]
- [♪ R&B song playing on record]
- ♪ Gee whiz ♪
- [objects clattering]
- [Cherry breathing heavily]
♪ Look at his eyes ♪
[Cherry] Kirsten...
David and fucking Goliath.
♪ How they hypnotize ♪
[banging on door]
[officer] Task Force. Open up.
[sighs heavily]
- [♪ song continues playing]
- [sighs]
[Cherry] What do you want?
[officer] Just wanna talk.
[Cherry] Unless you got a warrant...
the door stays closed.
[officer] Come on. Cherry.
it don't gotta be like that.
Yeah. Yeah. I do.
- [crashing]
- [officer grunting]
[all grunting]
- Sit down.
- [Cherry groans]
Why are you and a bunch of loser cops
looking for Greek sailors?
Which loser cops are we talking about?
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- [officer laughing]
I can do this all night.
Yeah. you hit like a kid.
- [officer grunting]
- [Cherry groaning]
[coughing]
[officers panting]
[groaning]
- [metal clanks]
- [officer grunts]
- He's here. Daredevil--
- [Daredevil grunts]
[Daredevil] You okay?
No. I'm not okay.
- Can you stand? There you go.
- [groaning]
[overlapping voices echoing]
Fuck.
- No...
- Your heart.
I suck. [groans]
Sure could take a punch a lot better
ten years ago.
[groaning. panting]
- [♪ song continues playing]
- [Cherry breathing hoarsely]
- [metal clanking]
- [all grunting]
- [yelling]
- [grunts]
- [continues yelling]
- [grunting continues]
- [breathing weakly]
- [heart beating rapidly]
[Karen crying] Foggy...
[Daredevil grunting]
[ears ringing]
- [heart beating rapidly]
- [groaning weakly]
[Daredevil groans. grunts]
[all grunting]
[Daredevil straining]
- [ears ringing]
- [heart beating rapidly]
[Daredevil groaning]
Holy shit!
It's Matt Murdock.
[song distorts]
- [gun cocks]
- [silenced gunshots]
[officers groaning]
[Cherry breathing heavily]
[gasps. breathing heavily]
♪ Gee whiz ♪
♪ Look at his eyes ♪
♪ Gee whiz. how they hypnotize ♪
♪ He's got everything a girl could want ♪
♪ Man. oh. man. what a prize! ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh! ♪
♪ Gee whiz ♪
♪ He's all the joy ♪
♪ I could find in a boy ♪
♪ He's awful nice. it's paradise ♪
♪ I hope I'm not his decoy ♪
♪ Decoy ♪
♪ Heaven up above knows how much ♪
♪ I love that fella so ♪
♪ Angels sing of a love like this ♪
♪ I hope our love will grow and grow ♪
♪ Oh. gee whiz ♪
♪ I love that guy ♪
♪ Gee whiz ♪
♪ My. my. oh my ♪
♪ There are things we could do ♪
♪ I could say I love you ♪
♪ But all I can say is ♪
♪ Gee whiz! ♪
[song ends]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm